beldum: steel , psychic
kakuna: bug , poison
metapod: bug
weedle: bug , poison
tynamo: electric
caterpie: bug
burmy: bug
ditto: normal
magikarp: water
cascoon: bug
silcoon: bug
scatterbug: bug
unown: psychic
combee: bug , flying
wynaut: psychic
wurmple: bug
pyroar: fire , normal
lilligant: grass
wobbuffet: psychic
venipede: bug , poison
boldore: rock
inkay: dark , psychic
unfezant: normal , flying
vivillon: bug , flying
phantump: ghost , grass
braixen: fire
frogadier: water
eelektrik: electric
quilladin: grass
yveltal: dark , flying
tyrantrum: rock , dragon
skiddo: grass
avalugg: ice
tranquill: normal , flying
woobat: psychic , flying
escavalier: bug , steel
sewaddle: bug , grass
trubbish: poison
tympole: water
frillish: water , ghost
karrablast: bug
ferroseed: grass , steel
joltik: bug , electric
excadrill: ground , steel
terrakion: rock , fighting
alomomola: water
galvantula: bug , electric
ducklett: water , flying
aurorus: rock , ice
pangoro: fighting , dark
talonflame: fire , flying
palpitoad: water , ground
furfrou: normal
rotom: electric , ghost
axew: dragon
litwick: ghost , fire
victini: psychic , fire
staraptor: normal , flying
staravia: normal , flying
pawniard: dark , steel
swoobat: psychic , flying
zekrom: dragon , electric
elgyem: psychic
krokorok: ground , dark
sigilyph: psychic , flying
luxray: electric
herdier: normal
panpour: water
oshawott: water
leavanny: bug , grass
minccino: normal
durant: bug , steel
helioptile: electric , normal
swadloon: bug , grass
slurpuff: fairy
greninja: water , dark
shellos: water
bonsly: rock
cresselia: psychic
heatmor: fire
mandibuzz: dark , flying
liepard: dark
sandile: ground , dark
gothita: psychic
duosion: psychic
purrloin: dark
beartic: ice
shelmet: bug
bouffalant: normal
pidove: normal , flying
dewott: water
noivern: flying , dragon
whirlipede: bug , poison
seismitoad: water , ground
snivy: grass
beheeyem: psychic
watchog: normal
luxio: electric
mienfoo: fighting
phione: water
mienshao: fighting
thundurus-incarnate: electric , flying
braviary: normal , flying
binacle: rock , water
pidgeotto: normal , flying
cloyster: water , ice
ninetales: fire
gloom: grass , poison
delibird: ice , flying
chingling: psychic
gible: dragon , ground
vileplume: grass , poison
floatzel: water
wormadam-plant: bug , grass
chatot: normal , flying
lumineon: water
feebas: water
gastrodon: water , ground
gabite: dragon , ground
manaphy: water
regigigas: normal
emboar: fire , fighting
golurk: ground , ghost
jellicent: water , ghost
barbaracle: rock , water
golett: ground , ghost
foongus: grass , poison
fletchling: normal , flying
doublade: steel , ghost
aegislash-shield: steel , ghost
croagunk: poison , fighting
voltorb: electric
pidgeot: normal , flying
ivysaur: grass , poison
pichu: electric
oddish: grass , poison
magnemite: electric , steel
weepinbell: grass , poison
seaking: water
dodrio: normal , flying
lairon: steel , rock
victreebel: grass , poison
manectric: electric
palkia: water , dragon
arcanine: fire
azelf: psychic
beautifly: bug , flying
buneary: normal
wingull: water , flying
mesprit: psychic
buizel: water
bibarel: normal , water
swellow: normal , flying
skuntank: poison , dark
mamoswine: ice , ground
probopass: rock , steel
piplup: water
shedinja: bug , ghost
nincada: bug , ground
gorebyss: water
magnezone: electric , steel
bastiodon: rock , steel
bidoof: normal
glameow: normal
prinplup: water
tyrunt: rock , dragon
zygarde: dragon , ground
bunnelby: normal
goodra: dragon
chandelure: ghost , fire
weezing: poison
combusken: fire , fighting
poliwag: water
goldeen: water
meganium: grass
vaporeon: water
pineco: bug
ampharos: electric
yanma: bug , flying
doduo: normal , flying
masquerain: bug , flying
fearow: normal , flying
exeggutor: grass , psychic
seadra: water
raichu: electric
venonat: bug , poison
mareep: electric
eevee: normal
flareon: fire
pidgey: normal , flying
spearow: normal , flying
ponyta: fire
rapidash: fire
whismur: normal
bagon: dragon
ludicolo: water , grass
sealeo: ice , water
lopunny: normal
sunflora: grass
bronzong: steel , psychic
snorunt: ice
skorupi: poison , bug
lucario: fighting , steel
vibrava: ground , dragon
cranidos: rock
empoleon: water , steel
shieldon: rock , steel
bronzor: steel , psychic
finneon: water
uxie: psychic
vespiquen: bug , flying
leafeon: grass
archen: rock , flying
zweilous: dark , dragon
scolipede: bug , poison
cubchoo: ice
stoutland: normal
whimsicott: grass , fairy
fennekin: fire
xerneas: fairy
klink: steel
cinccino: normal
gogoat: grass
gourgeist-average: ghost , grass
malamar: dark , psychic
froakie: water
bergmite: ice
metagross: steel , psychic
magby: fire
elekid: electric
magmar: fire
abra: psychic
diglett: ground
hoppip: grass , flying
shuckle: bug , rock
ledyba: bug , flying
porygon: normal
chikorita: grass
beedrill: bug , poison
golbat: poison , flying
nidorino: poison
dugtrio: ground
volbeat: bug
swinub: ice , ground
zapdos: electric , flying
starmie: water , psychic
articuno: ice , flying
horsea: water
electrode: electric
wailmer: water
hitmonchan: fighting
jolteon: electric
moltres: fire , flying
flaaffy: electric
dusknoir: ghost
marshtomp: water , ground
plusle: electric
shelgon: dragon
politoed: water
phanpy: ground
numel: fire , ground
kyogre: water
drapion: poison , dark
garchomp: dragon , ground
tangrowth: grass
luvdisc: water
electivire: electric
glaceon: ice
kricketune: bug
krookodile: ground , dark
chespin: grass
drilbur: ground
maractus: grass
klinklang: steel
virizion: grass , fighting
amaura: rock , ice
serperior: grass
vanilluxe: ice
dragalge: poison , dragon
clawitzer: water
klefki: steel , fairy
swirlix: fairy
floette: fairy
flabebe: fairy
gardevoir: psychic , fairy
dragonair: dragon
murkrow: dark , flying
charmeleon: fire
deoxys-normal: psychic
lunatone: rock , psychic
hitmonlee: fighting
dewgong: water , ice
magneton: electric , steel
bellsprout: grass , poison
omastar: rock , water
butterfree: bug , flying
venomoth: bug , poison
shellder: water
poliwrath: water , fighting
parasect: bug , grass
pikachu: electric
tropius: grass , flying
poliwhirl: water
nidorina: poison
remoraid: water
illumise: bug
azumarill: water , fairy
entei: fire
magcargo: fire , rock
corphish: water
jumpluff: grass , flying
donphan: ground
lotad: water , grass
camerupt: fire , ground
quilava: fire
kingdra: water , dragon
skiploom: grass , flying
lombre: water , grass
whiscash: water , ground
minun: electric
regirock: rock
ninjask: bug , flying
regice: ice
swablu: normal , flying
gulpin: poison
pupitar: rock , ground
shroomish: grass
reuniclus: psychic
dwebble: bug , rock
scrafty: dark , fighting
samurott: water
pansear: fire
pansage: grass
vullaby: dark , flying
crustle: bug , rock
chesnaught: grass , fighting
lampent: ghost , fire
simisear: fire
sandshrew: ground
grimer: poison
misdreavus: ghost
tangela: grass
kadabra: psychic
blaziken: fire , fighting
sandslash: ground
wigglytuff: normal , fairy
kabutops: rock , water
persian: normal
natu: psychic , flying
togepi: fairy
growlithe: fire
ekans: poison
groudon: ground
scyther: bug , flying
graveler: rock , ground
kabuto: rock , water
venusaur: grass , poison
paras: bug , grass
ralts: psychic , fairy
vulpix: fire
bulbasaur: grass , poison
arbok: poison
koffing: poison
jirachi: steel , psychic
wartortle: water
celebi: psychic , grass
pinsir: bug
tentacruel: water , poison
omanyte: rock , water
gyarados: water , flying
tauros: normal
haunter: ghost , poison
krabby: water
electabuzz: electric
nidoran-f: poison
seel: water
tentacool: water , poison
machoke: fighting
raticate: normal
typhlosion: fire
rattata: normal
heracross: bug , fighting
salamence: dragon , flying
zubat: poison , flying
nidoran-m: poison
kingler: water
cacnea: grass
staryu: water
sharpedo: water , dark
raikou: electric
registeel: steel
mudkip: water
grovyle: grass
nosepass: rock
stunky: poison , dark
drifblim: ghost , flying
archeops: rock , flying
tornadus-incarnate: flying
timburr: fighting
landorus-incarnate: ground , flying
tirtouga: water , rock
shaymin-land: grass
hawlucha: fighting , flying
delphox: fire , psychic
aromatisse: fairy
drowzee: psychic
marowak: ground
jynx: ice , psychic
gengar: ghost , poison
aerodactyl: rock , flying
hypno: psychic
geodude: rock , ground
gastly: ghost , poison
golduck: water
squirtle: water
muk: poison
dratini: dragon
golem: rock , ground
rayquaza: dragon , flying
charmander: fire
exeggcute: grass , psychic
machamp: fighting
farfetchd: normal , flying
onix: rock , ground
sudowoodo: rock
makuhita: fighting
treecko: grass
hariyama: fighting
crawdaunt: water , dark
linoone: normal
zigzagoon: normal
ledian: bug , flying
porygon2: normal
scizor: bug , steel
torchic: fire
chimchar: fire
seedot: grass
giratina-altered: ghost , dragon
delcatty: normal
turtwig: grass
druddigon: dragon
mankey: fighting
slowpoke: water , psychic
nidoking: poison , ground
rhydon: ground , rock
nidoqueen: poison , ground
meowth: normal
corsola: water , rock
machop: fighting
blastoise: water
clefable: fairy
psyduck: water
cubone: ground
primeape: fighting
lapras: water , ice
houndour: dark , fire
alakazam: psychic
swampert: water , ground
altaria: dragon , flying
croconaw: water
grumpig: psychic
sceptile: grass
marill: water , fairy
chinchou: water , electric
sunkern: grass
hitmontop: fighting
glalie: ice
poochyena: dark
pelipper: water , flying
scraggy: dark , fighting
accelgor: bug
absol: dark
jigglypuff: normal , fairy
charizard: fire , flying
rhyhorn: ground , rock
slowking: water , psychic
sentret: normal
medicham: fighting , psychic
furret: normal
cleffa: fairy
seviper: poison
suicune: water
igglybuff: normal , fairy
mightyena: dark
abomasnow: grass , ice
sylveon: fairy
goomy: dragon
sliggoo: dragon
smeargle: normal
kricketot: bug
slowbro: water , psychic
clefairy: fairy
snorlax: normal
lickitung: normal
zangoose: normal
girafarig: normal , psychic
ho-oh: fire , flying
aipom: normal
dusclops: ghost
mantine: water , flying
slaking: normal
roselia: grass , poison
noctowl: normal , flying
gallade: psychic , fighting
duskull: ghost
slugma: fire
toxicroak: poison , fighting
carnivine: grass
musharna: psychic
spewpa: bug
mr-mime: psychic , fairy
kangaskhan: normal
dragonite: dragon , flying
kecleon: normal
ursaring: normal
hoothoot: normal , flying
flygon: ground , dragon
rampardos: rock
litleo: fire , normal
chansey: normal
mewtwo: psychic
lugia: psychic , flying
aggron: steel , rock
relicanth: water , rock
qwilfish: water , poison
cacturne: grass , dark
aron: steel , rock
crobat: poison , flying
cradily: rock , grass
pumpkaboo-average: ghost , grass
vanillish: ice
totodile: water
xatu: psychic , flying
claydol: ground , psychic
smoochum: ice , psychic
shuppet: ghost
zebstrika: electric
amoonguss: grass , poison
sawsbuck: normal , grass
rufflet: normal , flying
mawile: steel , fairy
arceus: normal
gothitelle: psychic
throh: fighting
cryogonal: ice
sawk: fighting
servine: grass
patrat: normal
cofagrigus: ghost
carbink: rock , fairy
meowstic-male: psychic
klang: steel
pancham: fighting
skrelp: poison , water
miltank: normal
latias: dragon , psychic
meditite: fighting , psychic
zorua: dark
solosis: psychic
roggenrola: rock
hoopa: psychic , ghost
gigalith: rock
blissey: normal
teddiursa: normal
dunsparce: normal
clamperl: water
cherrim: grass
munna: psychic
zoroark: dark
hippopotas: ground
blitzle: electric
petilil: grass
mantyke: water , flying
starly: normal , flying
pignite: fire , fighting
ferrothorn: grass , steel
roserade: grass , poison
spritzee: fairy
spiritomb: ghost , dark
monferno: fire , fighting
honchkrow: dark , flying
darmanitan-standard: fire
lillipup: normal
simisage: grass
tyranitar: rock , dark
surskit: bug , water
magmortar: fire
yanmega: bug , flying
volcarona: bug , fire
armaldo: rock , bug
hippowdon: ground
umbreon: dark
trapinch: ground
keldeo-ordinary: water , fighting
cobalion: steel , fighting
mew: psychic
vigoroth: normal
octillery: water
spheal: ice , water
walrein: ice , water
mothim: bug , flying
diancie: rock , fairy
breloom: grass , fighting
drifloon: ghost , flying
genesect: bug , steel
stantler: normal
skarmory: steel , flying
houndoom: dark , fire
carvanha: water , dark
exploud: normal
tepig: fire
latios: dragon , psychic
grotle: grass
trevenant: ghost , grass
sneasel: dark , ice
wailord: water
simipour: water
kirlia: psychic , fairy
ariados: bug , poison
shiftry: grass , dark
florges: fairy
solrock: rock , psychic
diggersby: normal , ground
eelektross: electric
carracosta: water , rock
torkoal: fire
azurill: normal , fairy
haxorus: dragon
audino: normal
munchlax: normal
forretress: bug , steel
cyndaquil: fire
clauncher: water
granbull: fairy
bisharp: dark , steel
hydreigon: dark , dragon
togetic: fairy , flying
spinda: normal
spoink: psychic
snubbull: fairy
emolga: electric , flying
ambipom: normal
loudred: normal
pachirisu: electric
noibat: flying , dragon
tyrogue: fighting
mime-jr: psychic , fairy
riolu: fighting
metang: steel , psychic
espeon: psychic
larvitar: rock , ground
weavile: dark , ice
slakoth: normal
feraligatr: water
quagsire: water , ground
heliolisk: electric , normal
porygon-z: normal
vanillite: ice
barboach: water , ground
kyurem: dragon , ice
lileep: rock , grass
banette: ghost
anorith: rock , bug
cottonee: grass , fairy
nuzleaf: grass , dark
fletchinder: fire , flying
togekiss: fairy , flying
stunfisk: ground , electric
darumaka: fire
huntail: water
meloetta-aria: normal , psychic
lickilicky: normal
happiny: normal
garbodor: poison
torterra: grass , ground
bayleef: grass
piloswine: ice , ground
taillow: normal , flying
fraxure: dragon
mismagius: ghost
honedge: steel , ghost
electrike: electric
reshiram: dragon , fire
chimecho: psychic
espurr: psychic
dedenne: electric , fairy
deerling: normal , grass
darkrai: dark
wooper: water , ground
skitty: normal
gligar: ground , flying
steelix: steel , ground
snover: grass , ice
gothorita: psychic
conkeldurr: fighting
sableye: dark , ghost
purugly: normal
lanturn: water , electric
gurdurr: fighting
dialga: steel , dragon
baltoy: ground , psychic
castform: normal
swalot: poison
bellossom: grass
larvesta: bug , fire
rhyperior: ground , rock
cherubi: grass
basculin-red-striped: water
dustox: bug , poison
heatran: fire , steel
infernape: fire , fighting
deino: dark , dragon
yamask: ghost
milotic: water
shinx: electric
budew: grass , poison
spinarak: bug , poison
froslass: ice , ghost
gliscor: ground , flying
swanna: water , flying
